---
title: What I'm learning in 2017
layout: post
---

This year I'm going to blog more, and have a more structured approach to learning new things about both Javascript and programming in general. I think I've been pretty scattershot on both of these, and in learning this definitely leads to blind spots, forgetfulness and discouragement. 

I'm going to post weekly updates about what I learnt that week and what I intend to learn the week after. I'm limiting myself to five items. My inner cheerleader always thinks it's best to say you'll do more and do less, but a lot of people have said it's more satisfying to actually cross everything you intend to cross off your list, so I'll try that.

I'm starting a new job next week, which I will update this blog on when I start, I'm very nervous and excited to be moving onto to somewhere bigger and better. New year, new job, same old Olu trying their best to learn as much as possible in a methodical manner!

This week I want to:

- Refresh my React: I'm doing [Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/) course on it, which I will finish. I will also complete [Wes Bos' tutorial](https://reactforbeginners.com/). I also have a bunch of links to go through in [Todoist](https://todoist.com), so I'll update next week on what was helpful.

- Learn Redux: A popular state manager for React, a phrase that only has a shadow of a meaning for me at the moment but I'm excited to learn what all the fuss is about. Another [Wes Bos](https://learnredux.com/) course and whatever Google throws up for me in this one.

- Refresh my Angular: I did Angular for paze, my previous company, but I need to brush up on my terminology, and generally reinforce the principles. I'll be using Frontend Masters for this.

- Finish JS based algorithms course on Frontend Masters: "Four Semesters of Computer Science in 5 Hours" has been fun so far, I just stopped to work more on my interview skills for a while. It's interesting to get a broad stroked overview of the different topics.

- Try ['Algorithms, Part I'](https://www.coursera.org/learn/algorithms-part1) on Coursera: I'm trying a few of the 'teach yourself computer science' tracks online and this course is mentioned a lot. They say to complete the exercises in Java but I'll probably just use JS at this time. I say 'try' because I'm aware it might be too maths based for me at the moment. If this is true next week I'll have a look at the pre-requisite maths included in those lists.

What are your goals for this year? What are you learning this week? Let me know in the comments.