---
layout: post
---

#Making this thing

- Monthly learning roundup
- AJAX
-
- Super annoying wifi issues can affect Github
- My changes aren't persisting all the time in Xubuntu
- Accidentally made my file have root permissions, but it means that I get to use
- touch typing pain may be caused by the size of my keyboard or tensing my hands whilst typing. Would be super sad if it was the size!
- Terminator, any good?
- going through line by line
- ls -l ~
- nokia is finish? where software comes from san fran european. where else?
- web summit dublin and tech scene e.g. airbnb, amazon, google, facebook MASSIVE TAX BREAKS
- Importance of background and experience to development teams & diversity in dev roles
- touch typing
- ls -l ~

TOPICS:

#Possibly 'How to gauge your skills' and how that makes it difficult to know if you're a good coder
  - Mimi (link) says that there are lots of things out that to help people get started in their coding journeys, but that coding is difficult and we should be honest and upfront about it.
  Buuuut am I finding it difficult because it is difficult, or because I'm not actually very good at it?
    Does perserverance really seperate people who are okay from people who are great, or are there 'natural' coders? Easier for them to think in abstracts and stuff, but for everyone else, maybe the biggest gains come when we apply ourselves completely.
    I keep circling back to Katrina Owens' talk on ruby, and how talent is not innate.
    Existential crisis.
    Everyone struggles, but it never feels like anyone struggles as much. James Baldwin quote about thinking your pain is special. Reading other people's code isn't like that, as they always put out their best stuff. Best solution to try and talk to other people at your skill level about their struggles, and to try really hard not to compare yourself to other people.
